Update Power Spectrum Documentation (#337)
skypyproject/skypy: docs/power_spectrum/index.rst

***************************************
Power Spectrum (`skypy.power_spectrum`)
***************************************
This module contains methods to model the matter power spectrum.

> You can plot the linear power spectrum using CAMB or CLASS from SkyPy.
> 
> Here we plot the Eisenstein and
> Hu fitting formula and the non-linear power spectrum, using the Smith
> halofit model. For this we use a config file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SkyPy provides wrappers to a number of external codes for calculating the
matter power spectrum, including `~skypy.power_spectrum.camb` and
`~skypy.power_spectrum.classy`. Here we demonstrate calculating the linear
matter power spectrum using `~skypy.power_spectrum.eisenstein_hu` and the
non-linear corrections using `~skypy.power_spectrum.halofit_smith`:
```

.. literalinclude:: examples/power_spectrum.yml
   :language: yaml

.. plot::
   :include-source: false
   :context: close-figs

    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    from skypy.pipeline import Pipeline

    pipeline = Pipeline.read('examples/power_spectrum.yml')
    pipeline.execute()

    # Eisenstein and Hu power spectrum with and without wiggles
    k = pipeline['wavenumber']
    power_EH_w = pipeline['eisenstein_hu_wiggle']
    hf_Smith = pipeline['halofit']

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
